A blue whale is the biggest animal in the world, both in water and land. It is so big that most elephants, the second largest animal in the world, weigh less than the tongue of a blue whale.
Our fingerprints are very unique to each individual. It turns out, zebra and tiger stripes are also just as unique. No two tigers or zebras have the exact same pattern.
Pound cake got its name from its recipe. The early recipes to make pound cake called for one pound of butter, one pound of eggs, and one pound of sugar. It makes it very easy to remember!
Did you know that your femur or thigh bone is the strongest bone in your body? It can withstand four times more pressure than concrete. Not only that but it is also the largest bone in our bodies.
If a glass ball and a rubber ball of the same size are dropped from the same height, which ball will bounce higher? The answer is the glass ball unless it breaks during the fall.
Giving cats candies is never a great idea, especially since they cannot even taste the sweetness. They just do not have the genes to detect sugar on their taste bud.
Most animals can walk forwards, backwards, and sideways. However, some animals cannot walk backwards, such as the kangaroos and emus. Though, it is unclear why that is the case.
Mars is a very red planet. This is because its surface contains a lot of iron oxide. Iron oxide is the same thing that makes blood and rust red. Since Mars is covered in it, it looks red!
Have you seen videos of cats going crazy after having catnip? It turns out the effect works not only for small cats but big cats as well. Catnip can affect lions and tigers!
All fruits have seeds. They may be different shapes and sizes, but they are almost always on the inside. The only fruit that has seeds on the outside is strawberries.
Sea glass is a great example of an item made by both man and nature. When glass from bottles or jars breaks near the ocean, the glass is smoothed out by the waves and sand, giving it a frosty look.
Although our fingers are very mobile, it might be surprising to know that our fingers do not contain any muscles. Instead, all movements are made by the muscles in our palm and forearm.
In Switzerland, if you plan to own a guinea pig, you better get two as it is illegal to only have one. Their law states that social animals must have enough contact with animals of the same species.
While crocodiles and sharks existed at the same time as dinosaurs, they're not dinosaurs. Even the flying dinosaur, pterosaurs, aren't dinosaurs. However, modern birds are considered living dinosaurs.
Parrots use their feet for a lot of things, like holding their food and scratching themselves. But unlike humans, who are mostly right-handed, the majority of birds are left-handed.
The Million Dollar Website was created to raise money for the founder's education. It consisted of a million pixels and people can buy each pixel for a dollar. He managed to sell all the pixels.
Military chocolate is part of the ration given out to troops. However, to stop them from eating all the chocolate in one go, they made it taste terrible. This made sure that the soldiers saved them.
Even though Antarctica is quite remote, there are two main groups of people who regularly go there, tourists and research station workers. Despite several people visiting, there are only two ATMs.
People who study cockroaches often become allergic to them. Unfortunately, due to most brands of pre-ground coffee containing bits of cockroaches, most of those people also become allergic to coffee.
Have you ever noticed fishes in a small and isolated body of water and wondered how they got there? This happens because fish eggs can survive and hatch after being eaten and passed by a duck.
Rabbits are considered a pest in Australia, so much that in certain states, you can only keep domestic rabbits as pets. However, in Queensland, you are not allowed to keep any kind of rabbits.
While the Amazon river holds a lot of water, right above it exists a larger invisible river. It turns out there is more water in the clouds and vapor above the Amazon rainforest than in the river.
White chocolate is technically not a type of chocolate. To be considered chocolate, it must contain cocoa particles, which it does not have. This also explains why white chocolate tastes different.
One of Hawaii's islands has a program that encourages tourists to take a shelter dog out on a field trip during their visit. This helps the dog get the exercise they need and get adopted.
Dogs often get sprayed by skunks. This is because skunks will lift their tail as a warning. But to dogs, this looks like a friendly invitation to approach the skunks, which is what dogs end up doing.
Garden Veggie Straws, a snack, shows fresh vegetables on the bag and promoted it as a healthy alternative to chips. However, it was found that they are actually less nutritious than potato chips.
Out of all domesticated animals in the world, only one domesticated animal understands that when we point at something, we want them to see the object we're pointing at. That animal is a dog.
After hatching, wood ducklings have to jump down from their tree nest to join their mother on the ground. The fall doesn't usually harm them, thanks to their fluffy down feathers and webbed feet.
Smiling seems to be an inborn ability. It is consistently seen in blind people who can smile despite never seeing anyone else smile or in blind babies who smile when they hear their mother's voice.
Penguins often look like they have fur, but like all birds, they have feathers. Their feathers are just so densely packed and short that it gives off the appearance of fur.